Oh it's the same picture . You should give me a different one . Why . It would be more fun if you had some variety . Okay . We have here a scene in a kitchen and it looks as though that's a mama who is working at the sink and her two children . And the two children are hoping that mama will not notice because she's looking out the window that they are getting into the cookie jar . So the boy climbs up on a stool to reach the cookie jar . And as he's getting up there the the tool the stool is tilting and he looks as though he were about to fall over . And the little girl is telling him to be quiet by putting her finger on her lips . He has one cookie in his hand is reaching for another one . The lid is off the cookie jar . The cupboard door is open . He's supposedly going to hand one cookie it looks as though he is to his sister and grab another one for himself but I doubt he's that he's going to get all that done before the stool falls over . On the other around the corner of the kitchen uh um there's a counter that uh sort of turns a corner . There are cupboards below the counter and above the counter where the cookies are . Then when you get over and have turned a corner in the kitchen you have base cabinets and then you have a window above that which is looking out into something which makes it looks as though it's summer outside because the window is open . There are things growing out there . There's a walk . There's uh uh some shrubbery underneath another window that looks it's in a another wing of the house . There's a tree beyond . There are tie back curtains at the window . The mother is working at the sink and the faucet is left on and apparently there's no overflow in the sink so it's overflowing right onto the floor splash splash . And uh she has on a sleeveless dress which also indicates that it's summer . And it looks though she has an apron on . She has short hair . Um she is drying a dish with a tea towel a plate with a tea towel . Um beside the sink there are two cups and a plate . Looks as though there's some suds and some dishes in the sink . And two faucets with x type handles one on either side and a center faucet . She has shoes on with no ties just sort of slipon shoes . There's a little scallop valance across the top of the curtains . Hm I think that's all I'm going to tell you . Well the handles on the door are the kind that are just um almost like a round piece of wood that you have to get a hold of to pull the cupboard door open . And what's really strange is that you can't see any handles on the cupboards on the other side of the kitchen . 